How long have you been working there? | Bạn đã làm ở đấy được bao lâu rồi?
1-I have been working there for _____ . |  | Tôi đã làm ở đấy trong _____ .
2-A year and a half |  | Một năm rưỡi
3-About two years |  | Khoảng hai năm
4-Less than two years |  | Ít hơn hai năm
5-I have been working there for a year and a half. |  | Tôi đã làm ở đấy trong một năm rưỡi.
6-I have been working there for about two years. |  | Tôi đã làm ở đấy trong khoảng hai năm.
7-I have been working there for less than two years. |  | Tôi đã làm ở đấy trong ít hơn hai năm.
8-How long have you been working there |  | Bạn đã làm ở đấy được bao lâu rồi
9-How long have you been working there |  |
10-Have you been working there for a year and a half |  |
11-I have been working there for | "/aɪ hæv bɪn ˈwɜːrkɪη ðer fɔːr/" | Tôi đã làm ở đấy trong
12-A year and a half | "/ə jɪr ænd ə hæf/" | Một năm rưỡi
13-How long have you been working there | "/haʊ lɔːη hæv juː bɪn ˈwɜːrkɪη ðer/" | Bạn đã làm ở đấy được bao lâu rồi